Update preprocessor-directives.md to add example of using logical and as well as logical or together with parentheses. (#39477)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/preprocessor-directives.md

You can use the operators [`==` (equality)](operators/equality-operators.md#equality-operator-) and [`!=` (inequality)](operators/equality-operators.md#inequality-operator-) to test for the [`bool`](builtin-types/bool.md) values `true` or `false`. `true` means the symbol is defined. The statement `#if DEBUG` has the same meaning as `#if (DEBUG == true)`. You can use the [`&&` (and)](operators/boolean-logical-operators.md#conditional-logical-and-operator-), [`||` (or)](operators/boolean-logical-operators.md#conditional-logical-or-operator-), and [`!` (not)](operators/boolean-logical-operators.md#logical-negation-operator-) operators to evaluate whether multiple symbols have been defined. You can also group symbols and operators with parentheses.

> The following is a complex directive that allows your code to take advantage of newer .NET features while remaining backward compatible.  For example, let's say we're using a NuGet package in our code, but the package only supports .NET 6 and up as well as .NET Standard 2.0 and up:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a complex directive that allows your code to take advantage of newer .NET features while remaining backward compatible.  For example, imagine that you're using a NuGet package in your code, but the package only supports .NET 6 and up, as well as .NET Standard 2.0 and up:
```

```csharp
#if (NET6_0_OR_GREATER || NETSTANDARD2_0_OR_GREATER)
    Console.WriteLine("Using .NET 6+ or .NET Standard 2+ code.");

> #elif (!NET6_0_OR_GREATER && !NETSTANDARD2_0_OR_GREATER)

Reviewer: Wouldn't this simply be `#else` as the `#if` above condition is true, then this condition is implicitly false. No reason to have the opposite check.

```suggestion
#elif
```
